Add time_series_dimensions param to flattened docs (#95374)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/data-streams/tsds.asciidoc

* <<number,`long`>>
* <<number,`unsigned_long`>>

> For a flattened field, instead, you mark a set of fields as dimensions using an array
> of strings `time_series_dimensions`. For details see <<flattened-params,`flattened`>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a flattened field, use the `time_series_dimensions` parameter to configure an array of fields as dimensions. For details refer to <<flattened-params,`flattened`>>.
```
